[GEOS-9424] Mass Truncate for GWC Cache - GS Integration (#3922)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/geowebcache/webadmin/layers.rst

.. figure:: img/newcachedlayer.png

   Adding a new cached layer
   
Clearing GeoWebCache
---------------------------

> To wipe the GeoWebCache clean, instead of clicking Empty for each layers one at a time, simple click `Empty All` and confirm.

Reviewer: "Wipe clean" is probably too strong of a wording. "Clean up the entire cache, for all layers, gridsets and filter parameters" might be more descriptive.

```suggestion
The ``Empty all`` link allow to clear the entire cache, for all layers, grid sets and filter parameters combination.
```
Also be consistent, the title should be just "Empty all"

Reviewer: Ah, do similar changes wherever "wipe" was used.

Author: will change
